---
layout: post
title: "An App A Week"
category: 
tags: [development]
---

A few years ago I stumbled upon this guy tasking himself with creating
one app per day for 30 days. If you're at all familiar with software
development, you're probably shaking your head and think I'm lying and
wondering, how can one guy create one app in a single day for 30 days
when companies take years creating theirs. Well, non-believers, check
out his blog of his adventure [here](http://anappaday.com/). He even
live coded a bunch of his apps in front of onlookers who also didn't
believe him. The very last day, whilst on his way back home from his
son's birthday party, he coded in his car to meet the midnight deadline.
Luckily he made it. It was mind-blowing. It was one of the reasons that
made me think that coders were creative geniuses and not just monkeys.

A month later, an attempt to resurrect The Software Jedi's impressive
feat with [AnAppAWeek](http://anappaweek.blogspot.com/). After a rough
start, they finally got someone on board to stick to deadlines, but that
person also fell flat as well and ended with only a few apps coded and
constantly missing deadlines.

I've decided to do a similar thing, but I'll be taking most of my
inspiration from existing apps or games and cloning basic functionality.

Rules
=====

1. The week starts on Monday morning, 9AM and ends the following Monday
   at 9AM. Sunday is when I have the most free time, so I'll probably do
the majority of my coding then.

2. Writing tests is preferred, but not required. Writing tests can be
   very time consuming, but so can not having tests. One thing's
certain, if I'm making a game, I'll most likely not have any tests.

3. All source code will be hosted on my [github
   page](https://github.com/peterto).

4. I'm willing to take suggestions, just feel free to ping me on [twitter](http://twitter.com/peterto)
   or email here: <pt9386@gmail.com>. Just include in the
subject, "An App A Week".

5. I'll try to host the code somewhere, but that can get expensive.

6. I promise to try to have a blog post of the app somewhere, but no
   guarantees. The code will definitely be up on my github page, so
check there.

Finally, did I tell you that this is week was my first go at it. Check
out [shortarr](http://github.com/peterto/shortarr).


{% include JB/setup %}
